MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 The Texas A&M University System, an agency of the
State of Texas, and openSn contributors.

(c) 2023. Triad National Security, LLC. All rights reserved.
This program was produced under U.S. Government contract 89233218CNA000001 for 
Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL), which is operated by Triad National 
Security, LLC for the U.S. Department of Energy/National Nuclear Security 
Administration. All rights in the program are reserved by Triad National 
Security, LLC, and the U.S. Department of Energy/National Nuclear Security 
Administration. The Government is granted for itself and others acting on its 
behalf a nonexclusive, paid-up, irrevocable worldwide license in this material 
to reproduce, prepare derivative works, distribute copies to the public, perform 
publicly and display publicly, and to permit others to do so.

The above Triad National Security, LLC licensing statement should not be 
interpreted as a statement of origination, ownership, or control by Triad 
National Security, LLC. This program was originated by others, and ongoing 
development continues to carried out by others. The wording of the licensing 
statement is as such because Triad National Security, LLC is unable to 
appropriately modify their licensing statement.  Triad National Security, LLC 
employees have contributed to only specific portions of the code. These 
contributions can be found by searching for specific users in the repository.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
